Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull
Oh, Lord on High,
grant me this prayer.
Aid Your most
humble servant
and imbue this water
with Your holy blessing
such that it will
cast away demons...
and weaken the illnesses
afflicting this, Your son.
Keep the homes
of Your faithful
purified
from the presence of evil
and keep at bay all
its filthy trickery.
In nomine Patris, et Filli
et Spiritus Sancti.
Amen.
Thank you, Father.
Ahem.
Today's services
have concluded.
Please, come back
tomorrow.
Tomorrow may be too late,
Father.
Abraham,
the time has come.
Your Reverence...
I was not expecting
to see you again
after so many
years have passed.
I wish the reason for my visit
were more pleasant.
Abraham, something truly
terrible is on the horizon,
an evil like this world
has never seen before.
You know what
I'm referring to.
The signs are everywhere.
Our Lord teaches us that
violence is never the answer.
But the time has come that
even the most holiest of saints
must become executioners.
Abraham, we need your help.
The way is long
and difficult.
But out of hell,
we are led to the light.
We will provide you
with the means
to defeat
the coming darkness.
You will not be alone
as you walk
through the dark valley.
Are you willing
to join us in this fight?
Yes.
Do you have the strength
to make the sacrifices?
Yes.
Do you accept this mission
of violent mercy?
Yes, I accept.
Oh, Eternal one,
give this man the power
to be your sword
and administer your justice.
It's been
weeks since the darkness
has overtaken
the entire continent
and there are no signs
of its ending in sight.
Riots in the streets
continue in every city.
The government encourages
its citizens to stay calm,
even though the death rate
continues to climb.
The president has announced
that over the...
To battle this
evil, you must leave the city.
Escape those places where the
darkness will first descend.
Our faithful will need a guide
and you must be their shepherd.
It is your duty to prepare
them for what is to occur.
May God be with you.
Let's go.
Well, well, well,
it's about time.
Good day to you, sir.
Sorry, I'm a bit late.
Come on in.
I'd offer you a little
something to drink,
but this piss
isn't fit for guests.
Brought you everything
from your list, Mr. Fallen,
everything except milk.
They were out at the general store
today, but I'll try again tomorrow.
That's all right.
As long as I got
my poison, I'm happy.
Well, I could use a hand
putting all this away.
You bet, sir.
Sir...
how are things today?
Well, not much different from
other days.
Thank you, Thomas.
Don't mention it, sir.
It's the least I can do
to show our gratitude
- for all you've done for our community.
- This.
Over there.
Ah. Goes to the back
of the house.
Hasn't been opened
since... the darkness.
I got wood to chop.
You keep
an eye on her.
Hey, Sarah.
I got a little something.
Well, that looks
really fine on you, Sarah.
Just imagine
if that thing could talk.
All the stories
it would tell.
Maybe it belonged to
a Russian Czar's wife,
or a fancy
French queen.
Now it's all yours.
Let me go fix
something hot for you.
How is Sarah doing?
Gave her something to sleep.
Now she's out like a light.
Well, if there's nothing more I
can do for you, sir, I'll be going.
Son...
you're not
going anywhere.
Mmm. This is
a fine supper, sir.
I haven't eaten that well
since before the darkness.
What's that?
Well, I went out
on a limb this morning
when I was at the general
store, got it for her.
You shouldn't have.
No, sir. It's
no problem at all.
If you don't
mind me saying so, sir,
It's very uncanny how much Sarah's
looking more and more like the missus.
What do you mean?
Well, I was having a look
at the photograph...
over by the gramophone today.
Sarah is spitting image
of your wife.
Actually...
Sarah doesn't look
a thing like her.
- No, sir, I'm telling you...
- But she doesn't!
Sarah never would
have abandoned me.
The rain's let up.
Time for you to leave.
Thanks for supper, sir.
Good night, Sarah.
Mary, Mary.
- No, no, no.
- Mary.
- Stop. No!
- Let me through!
I'm sorry,
she shall live,
but she'll be nothing
but a cripple.
Nothing but a cripple.
- Nothing but a cripple.
...but a cripple.
Nothing but a cripple.
Hey.
Shh.
Hey, come here! Come here!
As of tomorrow,
no more visitors.
Just wanted to apologize
for my behavior last night.
I brought you that milk
we were missing
and... there's a token
of my apologies.
A bit of something extra.
I hope you like it.
You do know how to get back
in my good graces, huh?
Where's my usual
welcoming comittee?
Mm, my dog...
Who knows
where he's off to now.
Probably run after a hare
into the woods somewhere.
I was just about
to go looking for him.
Want me to come along?
Ah, that won't
be necessary.
You look
after Sarah for me.
My pleasure, sir.
This one.
This was the music for a picture
show I saw in town when I was little.
I can't remember
the name of it,
but it was the story
of this powerful magic spell
that made this big
clay statue come to life.
I wish you could
tell me what's wrong.
One day, I'm gonna take you far,
far away from all this. You have my word.
Sir, I just don't
know what Sarah...
- Out.
- But sir...
- I said out of this house, now.
- Sir!
Sir, I swear to God,
I didn't do anything. Sir?
What's wrong with you?
Have you gone mad?
Get out of here
and don't you ever come back!
Don't you dare
look at me that way!
I'm going out to check
on the traps before dark falls.
It won't be long.
Sleep well.
My heavenly Father,
I do tremble
at Your mercy,
and beg You to fill me
with Your strength.
May my eternal
faith in You
guide me in this fight
to drive out the evil spirits
who doth torture
this creature.
You, Lord,
who will rain down
Your wrath of fire and fury
on that day of judgment
for all men.
Amen.
Sarah! Sarah! Sarah!
You'll be safe here.
It'll all be okay.
My Sarah...
Are you all right?
We're unsafe up here.
Tonight we'll sleep
downstairs again.
Collect your things
for tonight.
Who's there?!
It's me, Thomas.
Told you to never show
your face back here again.
What's going on?
Why are the doors and windows boarded up?
Where's Sarah?
It's none of your concern.
Get out of here.
I'm not going anywhere until you answer
my questions and I know Sarah's okay!
Just who do you think you're talking
to, you little...?
Sarah! Sarah!
Get out of here.
Sir...
lower that rifle.
Get out of my sight!
Unless you want to end up just
a memory in my prayers tonight.
Ten, nine, eight...
This won't be
the last you'll see of me.
If you think
I'm just going to leave...
Seven, six,
five,
four,
three,
two,
one!
Let's do it.
It's been a long time...
since the two of us
have had a face-to-face.
Now... all of this
is Your will.
I will humbly
accept it as so.
But help me to see
what I've done to wrong You.
Give me a sign.
That's what I thought.
Father, bless this water,
You who ordered the prophet
Elijah to purify water with salt.
Let it be this day
that we're freed from evil
and protected
by Your Holy Spirit.
In Christ's Name, amen.
- Hi, Daddy.
- Hey.
My little one, eh?
My brothers and sisters,
we find ourselves
in the midst of trying times.
Now more than ever,
our community
must band together
because the darkness
is coming.
We must unite in strength
and it will be the word
of our Lord that will save us,
you can be sure.
So now let us read
of the Apocalypse
from the scriptures
of St. John.
In nomine Patris, et Filli
et Spiritus Sancti.
Amen.
Father, I just wanted
to thank you again
for rescuing my fathers' soul
from the dark shadows.
He never had another
attack after your help.
You saved his life.
It was hardly my doing.
That's the will of the Lord
you saw,
He who chose to be gracious and
generous with your father that day.
We are not always
able to understand
what our Heavenly Father
has in store for us.
- Thank you.
Father.
I'm so sorry.
Um...
You have to understand that you're
the most precious thing I have.
You're my little one.
I hope one day
on this...
This will help you sleep.
The vigil watch
arouses a fear...
which keeps awareness
at bay...
just as a mortal sin
drives away sleep.
Sarah.
You know, I haven't made
you your favorite lunch
since before the darkness.
You slept
so deeply last night.
You know,
I think what happened
was no accident.
It was God's intent
to test our faith
like He did with Job
and Abraham before him.
He wanted to punish us
for what we've done.
Shame us for our sins...
and put us on our path
to repentance.
And you repented?
Abraham...
What in the world
is going on here?
We need to talk.
There are truths
we need now speak.
You have nothing
to say for yourself?
Then I will be
the first to begin.
Have I ever told you
how it came to be
that I dedicated my life
to our Lord?
It all began
when I was a small boy,
right about Sarah's age.
My father would close me up
in the cellar
and would force me to memorize
the whole Bible, every passage.
One day
I forgot a paragraph...
and he beat me so hard,
I was in bed
the whole week after.
Through all that,
I never hated that man.
Why should I?
He told me the demons
are always waiting.
Abe, I don't follow you.
And I lived with a demon
for all these years.
I slept with it,
I fed it
and I loved it
with all my heart.
- Abraham...
- Silence!
Silence.
I saw what you were doing
in our daughter's room.
You've condemned her life!
No, no, you misunderstood.
I was only trying
to cure Sarah's...
I tell you!
Don't even
pronounce her name.
Admit your sins.
Admit.
There's nothing worse...
than a witch!
"Beware, the ritual
will not work."
Thomas.
Sarah!
Rise, I
command, rise from your sleep
and come forth
in multitudes.
With these signs,
I summon you here.
With these words,
I declare the gates open.
Why have you done this to me?
After all that I've done for you?
Silence, Father.
You are a witch,
like your mother!
"Beware, the ritual
will not work
if the curse is conjured
by a blood relative."
Recognize that,
Daddy? Hmm?
It's my mama's
special book.
It's the only memory
I have left of hers.
Her teachings...
your death's perfect recipe...
It's all in there.
All I needed
was a little bit
of your blood...
...to complete the curse.
Do you really think
that faith of yours
can get you out of this?
You're wrong.
That little potion
you gave me last night
gave you more of a chance
than that stupid cross!
After all...
it gave you one more day
of staying alive
while I slept.
If we can call
what you do living.
You've robbed me
of my mama's love,
then you take away the only
friend I have in the world!
It's my turn.
It's my turn...
to put an end
to your miserable life!
Let's even up
the scales, shall we?
I'm sorry.
Sorry. I'm sorry.
Well, someone has finally woken up.
I've been traveling alone
for an hour now.
Is everything okay?
Yeah.
I just had a bad dream.
Mm.
Do you want
to talk about it?
I can't remember much.
It was me and you
and our daughter...
and some strange creatures
attacking our home.
Hmm.
You should really cut out whatever
you've been reading lately.
Hey, are you
all right?
Yeah, it's just the baby.
Lately she's been kicking,
even more than normal
- Well, it's almost time, you know?
- Yeah.
We should begin
thinking of a name.
Yeah.
So...
What do you
think of Sarah?
Sarah?
Not bad.
So, is it here?
You'll see.
We'll be happy here.
Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull